the fat villains oh yeah Wow
hello hey chief am how are you doing
today we're testing out iPhone lenses
gonna do a comparison between two
companies hope y'all are doing great if
you're not a part of the peachy fam yet
if you liked this video make sure to hit
that subscribe button so I do video
mainly I wouldn't per se called myself a
photographer just because I know so many
talented photographers I'm like I don't
I don't have the special sauce that you
have sauces forever you know what I'm
saying but I would consider myself an
iPhone agra fir I think I get some
pretty sick pictures on my iPhone I'm
currently using the iPhone 7 plus and
these lenses we're gonna test out from
moment and pick stir take your iPhone to
that next level apply allowing you to
take fish eye pictures which means super
super wide pictures or even telephoto
pictures which kind of like the zooms in
on the subject without loss of quality
now the main difference between these
two companies picture it's a clip-on
lens so it doesn't require anything but
your iPhone you just literally clip it
on your phone but with that you can
suffer from vignetting and also just
getting it over your camera perfectly
with moment lenses you do require a
special iPhone case which is a little
bit of an annoyance but it's very easy
to attach the lens you know you're
getting every time and the quality of
the lenses are mwah
what was that I don't know what that was
so first let's unbox these things and
see what we're getting
this is the moment wide lens beautiful
comes with a case this is the super fish
eye lens
[Music]
this is the case that you need in order
to use the moment lenses it's kind of a
basic black case but they kept the
profile pretty thin which is nice
I do have four pics turret lenses but
these are gonna be the most comparable
to the moment so we have the grande
angle which is wide-angle and also the
fisheye this is the grande angle but
here is the lens then here is the clip
here is the fish eye clip and then the
lens so we've got the moment fisheye and
wide-angle and the picture fish eye and
wine angle we'll also bring along these
which are macro and telephoto to play
with later
[Music]
you know
hi something that plays in to shooting
with your iPhone is the speed you just
whip it out you take the picture so I
want to see how long it actually takes
to put these lenses on the camera so
first the Pixlr with a clip we're gonna
play around with a fisheye first
screw it on
right so it was very painless
okay so it's majorly blocking the camera
I got a six
okay so you have to get it like just
perfect which can be kind of annoying to
adjust but it's not super difficult but
see you'll get some vignette in or on
the side okay so I think that's in focus
it's superfish I well you can see my
hand and now for the moment sorry I
don't like cases so if the case is
somewhat annoying
however this gets rid of the annoyance
of trying to find the perfect fit
canonical to
the case actually feels good
getting or anything did someone say beep
how scutes season baby I love your hat
it can swag amazing ok this is the
mission I have to fisheye lenses and two
wide lenses you're gonna be my model
a normal day and the NYC look at this
sunset Brandon the first modeling
specials of success this is the moment
lens fisheye video
chaplains oh yeah Wow that makes it so
much wider I didn't even think about
using these for video but I feel like it
would be way more functional for me to
use like the fisheye and the wide for
video for Instagram stories y'all know
the Instagram stories are lit so I might
get super creative so that was a fisheye
and now it's time to move on to the wide
fisheye lenses are always going to be
wider than wide but they're often
distorted looking but sometimes you want
that so this will get you the white
angle without the distortion so this is
the wide moment lens so wide so wide
this is video with the picture wide
angle as you can tell there's not as
much zing getting because it's a wide
and not a fisheye so with picture lens
without it but see that clip on it is
easy to take off it's just putting it on
oh but that was easy it works well with
the wide-angle
this is picture superfish eyes video
looks cool though
[Music]
it is the next day and we are going to
continue shooting with these lenses I
ditched the bags for the picture lenses
cuz they're already there like ready to
go like this so now I just have to like
take off the cap and we're in business
these are the two that I have not played
with yet it's a telephoto and a macro so
I won't play with those a little bit I
wish I had the moment version of the
telephoto and macro they do have those
options but I just have the picture ones
so I'll take a few pics with those I've
had iPhone 7 plus so the thing with the
telephoto lens is like do you really
need it because I have that two times
option so we'll see if there's a clarity
difference a macro lens allows you to
take pictures super close-up to subjects
and also all the video that you've seen
so far via my iPhone has been unedited
so I'm going to film my journey to sweet
green because I'm very very hungry right
now with these lenses and I'm gonna put
a little bit of my own flavor to it so
you can kind of just see the
possibilities also a huge life update yo
girl got a Pietra don't want to be too
in-your-face or inappropriate but can we
just talk about how ridiculous my iphone
looks in my back pocket that's just too
much that's funny that does fit alright
so we are going to start with the moment
lenses the first half of this will be
the moment wide and the moment fisheye
[Music]
India India I just randomly ran into a
good friend India on the side of the
street that happens all the time in New
York and it's so crazy because this
place is so big and there's so many
people I love
[Music]
well I miss the rain by like that much
whoo before I give you my final thoughts
on kind of the picture versus moment
lenses I'm going to kind of dive in to
the pictures and video that I took see
what it looks like on a laptop screen
instead of just my phone and then I
shall give you my final thoughts three
office episodes later and some peeping
at the footage and pictures I have my
final thoughts on moment verse picture
lenses for the iPhone something to
mention the moment lenses are strictly
for iPhones but fixture because they are
clip-on so you can really use them with
any cell phone yes these are both
attachable lenses for your phones but I
feel like they are so different and
serve a different purpose depending who
you are and how you use your phone
moment the lenses are gorgeous
the experience is very smooth I'm not a
case person so I don't know if I could
vouch just using moments case so I could
throw on these lenses every now and then
if there was a light case that might be
different as I started using the lenses
and they were so easy to just like walk
in and go they were secure I could ride
it around without worrying if the lens
was gonna fall I don't know the ease of
use like kind of did make it worth it
and the image was without fail amazing
and I found the experience and just the
attention to detail and the design and
like how well they were made very
inspiring I haven't gotten some new
camera gear in a very long time so I
found myself using the moment gear and
being like oh wait I feel like I need
more ok wait there's there's also a
macro and a telephoto of these lenses I
need those lenses and I started like
looking at their website and they had
all these artsy fartsy pictures
you know there's a travel case for it
and I was just scrolling and I was like
oh my gosh well if I'm gonna have all
the lenses I need this cool-looking
travel case to be a cool mobile
photographer videographer so I think the
craftsmanship and the actual use of the
product as you're using it is probably
is better than pick stir but there's a
reason for that it's $40 more expensive
you have to ask yourself question is it
worth it to spend $90 $100 on something
that attaches to your phone which should
already be like a very simple tool to
create with and then you have picture
the clip-on lenses as I was riding
around and being more active with it I
was scared that it was kind of fall off
so that's something that you have to
deal with but the actual like pictures
and video actually turned out good I do
think at the end of the day moment has a
cleaner look I don't find the telephoto
long lens super important but being that
these are clip-ons and that I can put
them on my phone like without a case
just my usual pop socket setup is
actually really appealing to me because
when I'm using my phone when I'm using
my iPhone I want it to be the simplest
process as possible slip-on thing is a
little bit hassle-free when it comes to
what phone can you use and where can you
use it ah you forgot your case or
something but then if you just keep the
moment case on your phone then it's a
very simple process so it's really up to
you do you want to spend more money for
a quality bump because you don't care
that you need a case or do you want kind
of a fun new toy that enhances your
mobile photography and videography
experience without having to go out of
the way to buy a new case like I said I
think these lenses actually live in two
different worlds and I can see why you
guys out there could justify both of
them not that you need both of them but
there's a very specific reason to go for
a moment there's a very specific reason
to go with pictures so it just is
depends what you think and how you use
them definitely I want to get the other
moment lenses for sure but I actually am
very intrigued by this concept of kind
of making my iPhone more of a shooter
not in terms of for the videos that I
post on YouTube yeah I'm sure it will
make its way into some of my videos but
I already have a very good like Sony set
up where if it's a more serious gig I'll
use my bigger cameras but I can usually
take my rx100 point-and-shoot everywhere
where I am intrigued is I have been
getting so into Instagram stories lately
and I also just love the platform
Instagram so if I can enhance the
pictures and I'm actually posting on my
Instagram feed and also make the videos
on my Instagram story cool and making
them different by adding wide and
fisheye shots I am so down for that I
hope you guys enjoy this video all the
links will be in the description below I
thoroughly have enjoyed making this
video and playing around with these
lenses I'm getting my gear bug back I
want to buy stuff I want to buy more
camera here and I just want to go to
shoot that's what has been so inspiring
it's been cool to like go out and just
shoot for shooting gotta do more of that
Leeson is heard from below hit that
subscribe button if you are new around
here for new videos every single Monday
through Friday every single Monday
through Friday 7 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time let me know if you like this video
hit that subscribe button down below
stay peachy ok bye
[Music]